Update data storage section to address ICM (#97725)
Azure/azure-content: articles/synapse-analytics/database-designer/concepts-lake-database.md

Lake databases use a data lake on the Azure Storage account to store the data of the database. The data can be stored in Parquet, Delta or CSV format and different settings can be used to optimize the storage. Every lake database uses a linked service to define the location of the root data folder. For every entity, separate folders are created by default within this database folder on the data lake. By default all tables within a lake database use the same format but the formats and location of the data can be changed per entity if that is requested. 

> [!NOTE] 

> > Publishing a lake database does not create any of the underlying structures or schemas needed to query the data in Spark or SQL. After publishing, load data into your lake database using [pipelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/synapse-analytics/data-integration/data-integration-data-lake) to begin querying it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> Publishing a lake database does not create any of the underlying structures or schemas needed to query the data in Spark or SQL. After publishing, load data into your lake database using [pipelines](../data-integration/data-integration-data-lake.md) to begin querying it.
```
fixing absolute -> relative link
